let topics_array = [["Ghattamaneni Mahesh Babu (born 9 August 1975) is an Indian actor, producer, media personality, and philanthropist who works mainly in Telugu cinema. He has appeared in more than 25 films","Saravanan Sivakumar (born 23 July 1975), known by his stage name Suriya, is an Indian actor and film producer. He primarily works in Tamil cinema where he is one of the highest paid actors.","Ghanta Naveen Babu (born 24 February 1984), known professionally by his screen name Nani, is an Indian actor, producer, and television presenter known primarily for his work in Telugu cinema. Acclaimed for his versatile acting, he has received two Filmfare Awards and two Nandi Awards for his work.","Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao Jr. (born 20 May 1983), also known as Jr. N.T.R. or Tarak, is an Indian actor who primarily works in Telugu cinema. One of the highest paid Telugu film actors","Karthik Sivakumar (born 25 May 1977), known as Karthi, is an Indian actor who works predominantly in Tamil cinema. He has won three Filmfare Awards South, an Edison Award, a SIIMA Award and a Tamil Nadu State Film Award."],["A rose is either a woody perennial flowering plant of the genus Rosa , in the family Rosaceae, or the flower it bears. There are over three hundred species and tens of thousands of cultivars.","Jasmine (taxonomic name: Jasminum; /ˈjæsmɪnəm/, YASS-min-əm[5]) is a genus of shrubs and vines in the olive family of Oleaceae.[4][6][7]: 193  It contains around 200 species native to tropical and warm temperate regions of Eurasia, Africa, and Oceania.","The lily is a genus of flowering plant. There are many species of lilies, like trumpet lilies and tiger lilies. They are usually quite tall, and are perennials. Most lilies grow from a bulb, which in some species develops into a rhizome, which carries small bulbs.","The sunflower (Helianthus annuus) is a living annual plant in the family Asteraceae, with a large flower head (capitulum). The stem of the flower can grow up to 3 metres tall, with a flower head that can be 30 cm wide. Other types of sunflowers include the California Royal Sunflower, which has a burgundy (red + purple) flower head.","Tulips (Tulipa) are a genus of spring-blooming perennial herbaceous bulbiferous geophytes (having bulbs as storage organs). The flowers are usually large, showy, and brightly coloured, generally red, orange, pink, yellow, or white (usually in warm colours). "],["Parrots (Psittaciformes), also known as psittacines (/ˈsɪtəsaɪnz/),[1][2] are birds with a strong curved beak, upright stance, and clawed feet.[a] They are conformed by four families that contain roughly 410 species in 101 genera, found mostly in tropical and subtropical regions.","The Indian peafowl (Pavo cristatus), also known as the common peafowl, and blue peafowl, is a peafowl species native to the Indian subcontinent. It has been introduced to many other countries. Male peafowl are referred to as peacocks, and female peafowl are referred to as peahens, although both sexes are often referred to colloquially as a "peacock"","The homing pigeon, also called the mail pigeon or messenger pigeon, is a variety of domestic pigeons (Columba livia domestica) derived from the wild rock dove, selectively bred for its ability to find its way home over extremely long distances. The rock dove has an innate homing ability,[1] meaning that it will generally return to its nest using magnetoreception.","The house sparrow (Passer domesticus) is a bird of the sparrow family Passeridae, found in most parts of the world. The house sparrow is strongly associated with human habitation, and can live in urban or rural settings. Though found in widely varied habitats and climates, it typically avoids extensive woodlands, grasslands, polar regions, and hot, dry deserts far away from human development. ","Hummingbirds are birds native to the Americas and comprise the biological family Trochilidae. With about 366 species and 113 genera,[1] they occur from Alaska to Tierra del Fuego, but most species are found in Central and South America.[2] About 28 hummingbird species are listed as endangered or critically endangered, with numerous species declining in population."]]
